# uqphd

This is a PhD project

Globally, cities generate over 70% of anthropogenic carbon emissions. The trend in CO2 emissions from cities has dramatically increased over the past century to more than 24.5 gigatons. Scholarship highlights the role played by urban form and characteristics of the built environment on carbon generation. We also know that citizens’ household characteristics, lifestyles and mobility activities additional constitute an important component of carbon generation in cities. What remains less evident from the extant research is an understanding of the complex interplay between the role of citizens’ household characteristics, lifestyles and mobility activities and the built environment on carbon generation. This study aims to explore (1) the interaction between human mobility activities and carbon emission; (2) the relationship between household characteristics and carbon emission; and (3) the impact of urban forms on carbon generation. Furthermore, this research will simulate an urban future approaching a net-zero carbon production under different scenarios, including a Low-carbon Household scenario, a Low-carbon Trip Scenario, and an Optimised Structure scenario. The outcomes are expected to explain how residents' daily commuting and housing energy consumption affect choices of travel modes and household infrastructure with clean energy use and guide the revision of energy transition policies.

Keywords: carbon generation; urban form; household characteristics; mobility activities. 
